Prepare docs for OpenSSF Migration (#4649)
mindersec/minder: README.md

* **Repo configuration and security:** Simplify configuration and management of security settings and policies across repos.
* **Proactive security enforcement:** Continuously enforce best practice security configurations by setting granular policies to alert only or auto-remediate.
* **Artifact attestation:** Continuously verify that packages are signed to ensure they’re tamper-proof, using the open source project Sigstore.
* **Dependency management:** Manage dependency security posture by helping developers make better choices and enforcing controls. Minder is integrated with [OSV](https://osv.dev/) and [Trusty](https://trustypkg.dev) to enable policy-driven dependency management based on the risk level of dependencies.

## Public Instance

> Stacklok, a company supporting Minder, provides a free-to-use SaaS version of Minder at api.stacklok.com. This instance is available for public repositories only.

Reviewer: `cloud.stacklok.com`?

Reviewer: Oh, I think that I see where you're going with this. I have a bit of trouble parsing this because it feels like something that I should visit or something. Maybe ...

```suggestion
Stacklok, a company supporting Minder, provides a free-to-use public instance of Minder. This is the default instance used when you use the `minder` CLI. This instance is available for public repositories only.
```

Author: The thinking is we should avoid directing folks to a propriety UI, within a community set of docs. api.stacklok.com is near on identical to running it locally.
